Python Syntax: Medical Insurance Project:
Suppose you are a medical professional curious about how certain factors contribute to medical insurance costs. Using a formula that estimates a person’s yearly insurance costs, you will investigate how different factors such as age, sex, BMI, etc. affect the prediction.

Python Functions: Medical Insurance Project
You are curious about how certain factors such as age, sex, BMI, number of children, and smoking status contribute to medical insurance costs.
You will apply your new knowledge of Python functions to write a useful function that calculates medical insurance costs.

Python Control Flow: Medical Insurance Project
In this project, you will examine how factors such as age, sex, number of children, and smoking status contribute to medical insurance costs.
You will apply your knowledge of Python control flow to write code that gives people advice on how to lower their medical insurance costs.

Working with Python Lists: Medical Insurance Costs Project
You are a doctor sorting through medical insurance cost data for some patients.
Using your knowledge of Python lists, you will store medical data and see what valuable insights you can gain from that data.

Python Loops: Medical Insurance Estimates vs. Costs Project
You are interested in analyzing medical insurance cost data efficiently without writing repetitive code.
In this project, you will use your new knowledge of Python loops to iterate through and analyze medical insurance cost data.

Python Strings: Medical Insurance Project
You are a doctor who needs to clean up medical patient records, which are currently stored in one large string.
In this project, you will use your new knowledge of Python strings to obtain and clean up medical data so that it is easier to read and analyze.

Python Dictionaries: Medical Insurance Project
You have been asked to create a program that organizes and updates medical records efficiently.

In this project, you will use your new knowledge of Python dictionaries to create a database of medical records for patients.

Python Classes: Medical Insurance Project
You have been asked to develop a system that makes it easier to organize patient data. You will create a class that does the following:
Takes in patient parameters regarding their personal information.Contains methods that allow users to update their information.Gives patients insight into their potential medical fees.

